# Name: Niflheim

# Menu
menu.title.bg:                  Flat Solid
menu.title.bg.color:            #171717
menu.title.text.color:          #af865a
menu.title.text.justify:        Center
menu.border.width:              10
menu.border.color:              #1f1f1f
menu.overlap.x:                 -14
menu.overlap.y:                 0
menu.items.bg:                  Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color:            #1f1f1f
menu.items.text.color:          #798C91
menu.items.justify:             left
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #535C5C
menu.items.active.bg:           Flat Solid
menu.items.active.bg.color:     #1f1f1f
menu.items.active.text.color:   #D17B49
menu.separator.width:           1
menu.separator.padding.width:   4
menu.separator.padding.height:  4
menu.separator.color:           #1f1f1f


# Active window
window.active.border.color: #3b3d42

window.active.label.text.color: #bc8c90
window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.text.justify: right
window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #3b3d42
window.active.title.separator.color: #bc8c90

window.active.handle.bg: flat solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #3b3d42

window.active.grip.bg: flat solid
window.active.grip.bg.color: #3b3d42

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #3b3d42
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #bc8c90

window.active.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #3b3d42
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #bc8c90

window.active.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #3b3d42
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #535C5C


# Inactive window
window.inactive.border.color: #292b2f

window.inactive.label.text.color: #6e7f8a
window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.text.justify: right
window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #3b3d42
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #6e7f8a

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #3b3d42

window.inactive.grip.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #3b3d42

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #3b3d42
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #6D715E

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #3b3d42
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #2274AF

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #3b3d42
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #535C5C


# OSD
osd.border.width: 1
osd.border.color: #484848

osd.bg: flat solid
osd.bg.color: #2d2d2d
osd.label.bg: flat solid
osd.label.bg.color: #2d2d2d
osd.label.text.color: #888888

osd.hilight.bg: flat solid
osd.hilight.bg.color: #2274AF

osd.unhilight.bg: flat solid
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #2d2d2d

osd.button.unpressed.bg: flat border
osd.button.unpressed.bg.color: #303030
osd.button.unpressed.*.border.color: #242424

osd.button.pressed.bg: flat border
osd.button.pressed.bg.color: #2a2a2a
osd.button.pressed.*.border.color: #242424

osd.button.focused.bg: flat solid border
osd.button.focused.bg.color: #303030
osd.button.focused.*.border.color: #1e1e1e

osd.button.focused.box.color: #C0B18B


# Fonts
window.active.label.text.font:shadow=n
window.inactive.label.text.font:shadow=n
menu.items.font:shadow=n
menu.title.text.font:shadow=n


# Everything else
border.width: 1
padding.width: 8
padding.height: 8
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.label.text.justify: left
